---
layout: post
title:  "An update on life"
date:   2022-3-9 3:00:00 -0500
categories: Personal
---
Feels like it has been so long since my last blog post. I've never really used these for personal journaling, but I guess I might as well, I mean its my blog right. I've just got a lot on my mind and right now I feel like anyone who is willing to listen to me just ends up becoming sad by listening to me. I'm just gonna try not to worry about how I make other people feel for a while. Long story short, I got broken up with. I wont go super in depth cause its the internet. But for a while I was really happy, I don't think I've ever been so consistently happy in my life. We were only dating for a month but I feel like saying that undermines what I went through. To most people a month is not that long, and I guess it really isn't, but to me it felt like so much longer. I guess I never really realized how self conscious and anxious I am. I feel like I put a lot of strain on my partner because of that, always searching for validation and reassurance can take a toll on someone. But she just always seemed so much more confident and calm about everything it made me think it didn't affect her. IDK it made me feel silly and stupid to just be happy at the thought making someone else happy, but it was genuine. It made me inexplicably happy to be wanted by someone else.

Personally I get a lot of enjoyment from helping others. I don't have much going on very often, so it is very comforting to me to feel useful in some way. It could be something stupid like helping someone switch internet networks so they can do mobile print. But I will think about how if I did nothing else I made someone's day marginally better. It sucks to say, but it is very hard to do much of anything now. I have not been sleeping much, and I wish I was doing more because of that. Now I wake up so incredibly tired, and just lay there for a couple hours trying to get some more rest. I have been going to the gym a lot more at least. I feel like I have so much more time now, or I guess a better way to say it would be that life is moving slower. I have been trying to do things that make me happy rock climbing, skating, helping other people, and listening to new music. Nothing feels the same. I know that is to be expected for a while, but I just wish I didn't feel so bad for myself. I feel like there's more I could have done, and more I still want to do. I know I should not worry about that. I am going to keep doing things and try to start thinking about them less.

I had been uploading to github everyday for about 3 months. I think the day I got broken up with I remembered that I had forgotten, and I still did not care. Idk it is already Wednesday and the entire weekend is a blur. I had been uploading old class projects, and even notes and granted I was working on several other projects, mostly still for school while I was uploading all this old stuff. But I still felt fake about what I was doing. I can't get over the fact that so much of what I do is just googling and copy pasting, sometimes I feel like I don't learn a lot from what I do. I was traveling through New York with my friends, or working another job most days, and I Just happened to have an old file around to upload. It felt productive for a while, but I don't think it really was, I obsessively check my github, and once I upload a file I feel content, like I don't need to do anything else that day. I guess that feeling is alright sometimes, I guess there is only so much you can do in a given day. But right now I don't want to feel like I need to force myself to do anything, or hold my self to any rigid responsibility. I know it is ironic, that I am in fact uploading this blog to github too, but lets be honest nobody goes here. It just feels nice to have a log of progress. To do better for myself I think I am only going to upload to github when I feel I've actually completed a project. I might write a blog post from time to time if I take some cool pictures. I cannot say that I feel good, but I feel better today than I have in the past

I am going to try to take it easy on myself, I know that I need to work on myself, and it is going to take a lot of time. I have a lot of habits I feel it would good to break, and a lot of new skills I think it would be fun to learn. I am just going to take things one day at a time for a while and try not to work myself into another depressive state. If you made it this far through my sob story, thanks for listening :)
Till next time...
