---
layout: post
title:  "Denver Colorado"
date:   2022-06-7 12:00:00 -0600
categories: Personal
---

1200 miles and an alternator. That is what it took to get me here this summer. On my way here I got to stay in my favorite national park, The Great Sand Dunes. It was cold as, but I went sandboarding for the first time ever. SO much fun. If you can only visit one park while you're in Colorado I highly recommend that. I also stayed in a hostel, which I've done before but I actually forced myself to socialize this time, so I enjoyed it more. I almost went skydiving with some people I met there. That would have been a really cool story, but apparently you can't call in to go skydiving with 4 people on any given weekday.

My new job is pretty rad they have an on site food bank, I am getting a scholarship I didn't even know about when I applied for it, and I feel dignified cause I am doing honest work. I am also getting housing for 4/7 days of the week. My plan is to just be kind of a bum this summer. I say kind of because while I am working, I am also living out of my car and I have no real plans, I just want to see and do as much as I can while I'm up here. Colorado is so biodiverse, and there is so much in close in proximity to Denver. I feel like I can drive an hour and end up in a different world. It is a pretty tiring some days. Not having anywhere to really rest, or always reorganizing the things in my car. But more than anything it is peaceful. I can just kind of end up anywhere I please and not have anyone tell me not to or even bother me at all. I do hope that while I'm here I can remain as calm as I have been these first couple weeks.

<!-- Do I feel lonely?
sometimes, but I feel lonely sometimes no matter where I go. I generally find I'm more distracted up here.

Am I proud of my situation?
I am proud of some parts of it, like the work I am doing, and the fact that I am out here alone. But other parts I am not so proud of, like living out of my car, or the fact that I am so distanced from the problems in my life but still think about them so much. But I am working on the latter. I'm kinda fine with the car deal for right now, makes it easier to just enjoy each day as it comes. -->
